if you thought inflation was bad now
just wait until I show you this you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video first we're
going to explore the falsehoods what the
media will tell you and then we're going
to take the time to look at reality why
is that the case because if you're here
obviously you want to know the truth
that information is generally withheld
because they want to paint a Rosy
picture they got to worry about their
Advertiser
but here on this channel I simply want
to bring you reality I know I want to
sleep good at night and I'm sure you're
in the same circumstance so first we're
going to look at what's going on with
inflation the expectation that the
Federal Reserve is going to cut interest
rates and the effect that will have but
even as it stands today just the
expectation of the FED cutting at some
point which by the way we were told
would happen in June in July in
September and then it was
December and now it's March who knows
when that's going to happen but just
putting that carrot right in front
dangling oh it's it's coming has been
enough to pull the market forward okay
and so when I told you back last year
that the market would find its bottom at
this particular time and it would move
up from this point point it didn't take
much to see that because of the patterns
that I've been following if you've been
here on this channel you know exactly
what I'm talking about and now we're
seeing something which is quite a
reversal from that Trend the
deflationary aspects yeah there are some
but what about the inflation and what's
going to happen to your gas what's going
to happen to your energy your housing
prices and your stocks let's show you
right now here's what it would take for
the FED to start slashing interest rates
in
2024 you could see what they're trying
to do is that in terms of the uh fed
fund Futures it's showing us a five qu
percentage Point rate cut in the next
year the market keeps trying to front
run these rate cuts only to be
disappointed but the market itself is
doing well but when we break it down
further it isn't the whole Market that's
doing well there's a few stocks that are
doing exceptionally well so we'll we'll
look at that a little bit further as
well but what I'm showing you here is
that the pricing in when we're talking
about fed funds
Futures they're looking for rate cuts to
be quite significant actually fed's
favorite gauge shows inflation Rose 0.2%
in October and 3.5% from a year ago well
that was as expected so here we go in
terms of you know where do we end up
it's when they look at the chart I mean
you could see it for yourself when you
see these charts it indicates that we
are in this time frame of suggesting
that inflation's coming down is that
true well not real inflation but their
metrics so if inflation is coming down
obviously they have an excuse the cut
rates so as long as those the general
direction is down if if you look at that
obviously um you know you see where it
was before the the trend is down that's
the way you got to take that and yeah we
could look at real inflation as we will
hear you got to understand that their
inflation is also important because they
make their decisions based on that stuff
even though it's nonsense you and I know
that right we we have to look at the
news objectively some people you
probably have an uncle a brother a
coworker who watches the news and
literally believes everything they say
that's not you though I know that's not
you but I mean yes we can we can laugh
at this but you know we have to realize
that yeah there there's actually an
important there's a distinction there's
there's a value even in those fake
statistics that's why I show it to you
you can look at you know Shadow stats
all that stuff that's valuable because
you want to know what the real number is
but you got to look at the fake stuff
too and you know I hope others out there
in the YouTube world do show you both
because businesses the Central Bank
actions um governments they're making
decisions based on this data even though
it's not real so so it does affect you
rice is on the cusp of a fresh 15-year
high in Asia after sharp rebound one
thing after another we are watching the
price has rise rice has had a massive
surge obviously with India curbing
exports and so on we have OPEC plus
agreeing to deepen voluntary oil OPEC
Cuts they're not the only ones we've
seen uh country specific cuts that have
come
around previously being uh Saudi Arabia
and Russia have cut as well you could
see there Saudi Arabia Russia and other
members of OPEC plus who pump more than
40% of the world's oil met to discuss
Supply policy the market reaction
implies disbelief in the full
efficacy of the cuts now you could take
this two ways two ways well why are they
cutting some would say that Saudi Arabia
wants to do this perhaps Russia as well
because they're using it to make number
one make it more expensive so that they
can make more money but at the same time
this is their tool in this war that's
happening and so they're trying to put
this squeeze where they can but keeping
it po political you can tell me what you
think is this a political action or is
it Poss or maybe economic I should say
is it political or economic or is this
the understanding that 2024 there's
going to be a major recession
globally and therefore we'll need less
oil so that they can kind of smooth out
their losses that they may take in the
future that's something to consider all
right what about this the uh this
particular uh deutche forecast uh Bank
Deutsche Bank analyst forecast in the
FED suggesting that you know Ray cuts
are going to be 175 basis points in 2024
in response to a mild recession that
would make the FED funds rate between
3.5% and
3.75% from today right cuz at 5. 25 to
5.5 the expectation is that they're
going to cut they want that cut and we
don't know how bad a recession will be
when they eventually admit it if they do
admit it but everybody is calling for
cuts now when usually during that time
frame they when everybody is saying one
thing it's usually the opposite but the
expectation is certainly there what's
going on already though well I've been
talking about this for a long long time
look at the stock market broken
down broken down into let's take that
that purple one right in the middle if
you're looking in the legend in the top
left corner that's the msci all World
excluding the US okay so what's what's
happening in the world outside of the US
well it hasn't moved in a year the
market hasn't moved in a year globally
So when you say stock market is up
actually it's not it's it's not up at
all um but look at the Magnificent Seven
stock index okay those are the tech
stocks uh in the US they've performed
extremely well okay uh particularly
towards the beginning of the year and
that's extreme in in many ways just
seeing that trend has been off the
charts so the inflation is there in a
sense we're looking at that but the
whole Market is not feeling the love
because they're still concerned about
recession the demand that from China
consumer demand has been down so on and
so forth but money wants to go somewhere
they want yield and so they're finding
that in these top tech stocks in the
United States us home prices climb for
seventh month in a row to a record high
according to K Schiller and so this is
just showing us that despite everything
that's going on sales of home prices
have
declined significantly the mortgage
rates are up they're over 7% still
they've come down from 8% down to seven
and change but still the prices are
going higher and higher because there's
just so much money inventory of course
super low right now and there's there's
people just dying to buy they're just
waiting for interest rates to come down
if they do
can they find a home if that happens
there's going to be a lot multiple
biders again the construction isn't
happening because they don't want to get
into the business when there's so much
uncertainty what's going to happen next
year ah we don't know all right if you
are dealing with financial circumstances
yourself I have linked up with this
company right here money pickle to help
you out with that they have cfps they
have fiduciaries they do it for free and
they will do that a 45-minute call with
you for free you can get your
circumstance looked at just ask them any
question you want in that 45 minute I
spoke to the one of the co-founders
seemed like a great guy he knew my stuff
I appreciated that obviously all you do
is click on the link in my uh the
description it will bring you over to my
website you could you know look at the
little thing I have there or just click
the link which brings you to this and
you could schedule a call immediately
just do it it's free why not why not
take advantage um and you know let me
know everybody that I've heard from so
far has said good things positive things
so I want to know what you think on that
as well and the comment of the day I
will be surprised if they can hold it
together until March talking about the
raate
cuts it's it's wild I mean but you're
seeing clearly it looks like it's been
crazy glued together if anything it's
duct taped together will it hold I'll
leave that up to you you tell me if you
appreciate this video hit that thumbs up
button because when you do that you're
not only supporting me but you're
telling everybody out there this is a
good thing watch this video I hope
you'll do that before you leave each and
every time don't forget though tomorrow
I've got some really good stuff you need
to check out so I hope you'll join me
then the money GPS each and every single
day doing this for well over a decade
I'll see you then take care